Tell us guys, how is our plan?
I'm alexandre esteves and I have to
joão picin and do not reinsert the theory
delay is a frame with any
another channel is not only that, it is
natural that does not know that it acts
good this picture is a picture only made
only terrorism and even why not
I have the theory
although not only speaks well of his father
To say that I think why
I like the old bitch puppy daughter
with fire motherfucker and a subject has
been very relevant lately in this
white pici is the instant stop of the
This is a question between the
interest and anami, and how it fits
I get to speak immediately and nani
type our rocket as well as old
in fact that the stop error in the term
Immediate here for me to win alone.
because it made a video that actually
in the meaning of the immediate term is
Because to me it means something like
vice-captain when in some kind
The truth is not the immediate term means
something like navigational officer as it is a
term lay or lay a vice vice
this would be the correct word
to describe what immediate means
seen browser
Captain commander there you can not
navigate browsing is an addiction
browser is an assistant then it is in fact
it will not be immediate because it is
written there on the date book nelzow is from
fight a fighter I do not know and lamy is from
I wish it was a netapp
thing and from now on it 's pure
mia opinion if you find is night
wrong, then it's just that in your opinion
different does not have wrong that is not fact
in logic it's just my opinion I think
I think you should consider that the
immediate term on a lane would have a
meaning slightly different slightly
distorted
I'm going to kill this dog, I'm
Seriously, I fucking better.
You do not mind the fact sheet that
only because one of the blows is well
different from the real world because
commander do not capture in real life is
among other things it has many other
This is the essential focus of the
stop is what he knows how to sail is not
He has to know how to navigate.
mainly among some other
things for a focus that has to do is
know how to make sail sail stop then
vice browser would almost like it not
came so much since sailing almost everything
that makes
jaime teaching a surf floor is not
essential to this dog's favor
Swimming pool is not the focus of the stop
Do not you fucking sail she can be?
his alone in the village landmarks pine thing
will not have a new one in a pool
navigate only part of the things for
this I think the plans adapted
to the world will step a little different
Can you think of how I feel?
talking maybe I think there's a
logic
for example when a ship in real life
is going through a storm a good
so the guy comes cheerleading is for sale
and he sees everything good from the whole ball does not capture
the captain arrives in humans all over
a pizza when it landed in the storm
who's boss children traveling throughout
aircraft then means km to captain
capital
As I said a floor is very different from
You've actually seen one exist
commander is a captain who leads a
ship and do not know how to navigate
because the captain does not know how to navigate
I talked about navigating a major focus of
commander of the ship
in the end does not mean that he is the captain
understood the terms are adapted to the
physical world so I think or feel in
my opinion in a world where the captain
navigate and have many freedoms besides
but that is the essence of leaving the
sea
the immediate theme would be more valid as
A vice captain of yours I think you have
logic since the immediate silves
navigator where a captain almost of time
make browsing in an unusual a pool
again a captain does not even need to know
navigating the immediate topic would be more
A deputy captain understood I think that if
fits better time captain in all
do browse the guy who browses on hd no
it would be like an addiction not everything
vice captain in the case of pis and vice
the vice all in the name would be the gold is
because he also discussed an old man there
right image or not enough sandy feet
of treasure does that damn
blood does not reach my feet today I
the image and I do not know who that is then
the truth is the fact that my immediate
used it's just a good stop fighter
I think it's logical to say that he used
so it is not totally
got it wrong by what I'm saying is
so I 'm exposing that Peter spoke
so open I'm just saying that
for you to think about it
'm just saying think about it because all
opinion opinion on this I think
There's a logic to this. I think so.
to say that the immediate master is not like this
totally rabelais that fact is up to
name is lower because at the end of
what really matters is the soul of the
stop is the soul of the business type what
is discussing interrupted time
immediate that with the subject of four pounds
and is captain but does not have to have much
tunnel at the end that sends the new guinea
navigating the blood, then cooking
inner funds knows this discussion
It's all here, it's what 's in the moment.
so it's on a Czech floor and I was afraid
so I'm just saying that the summary of
video I 'm saying I think
you consider that the term
has a different meaning
It's hard as a captain.
has a meaning made on a floor because
the captain in real life almost everything that
do is navigate right beyond releasing all
world to navigate a junk amp knows
the rapporteur understood then I think
this is my opinion then
you liked and they were female
If you liked and I talked down here
light or Lakic in the economy with its
I like it or not and then you too
subscribe to the channel you just do not know the channel
click on Share Below Who Who
share facebook twitter and days in
Seconds, you fucking help me then.
It costs nothing and if you like it because
on our channel you sign up for yourself
really like our fan page
facebook.com planning
We're living it, and everything, then.
if you wanted to be well connected in the
on the channel on which it is written
page we imagined stopped errands
stop me and follow me on twitter you
want after when after a dick there
and if you saw this video is what I
I said not to shut down comments I
I'm a motherfucker who gave birth because always
So I said hello, what's this?
Everyone is party on the video but you see
What are you talking about?
countries to finish the video wanted
Talk about the guys that support me, of course.
vlog daniel melo bruno andré fazia era
to inspire
I think if you like a
floor without obligation of sight I found
very interesting this initial business
the comments that those he makes
so here it is in the description of the video
canal bathroom channel flags give a
look and along with it is also
improve you have seen several pages
facebook is supporting me kind nor
and if you saw gt here because there are people
closed the video anti comments and donkey
power
there, people of the mega whore who gave birth to think
that's fucking through you the ass
total is more fuck
so you comment on the donkey when you see yourself
the end is worth it